captions so in this video I'm going to
review one of my hair extension and the
extension are between today is by
irresistible me calm and this is
extension show you how it looks like so
we can see this is the hair extension
mine is on 24 inches and the color is
chocolate brown and it's 200 grams of
hair 200 grams it's a lot it's a lot
more of you can see how if the hub think
the hair is they also come in 18 inches
20 inches 22 inches 24 inches and the
weight they have a hundred grams 120
grams 140 grams and 200 x minus 200
grams 24 inches in chocolate brown I
hope the shade oh my actual hair color
is lighter than this extension enemies
and I'm gonna that are my hair
extensions I hundred percent human remy
hair that means you can wash them you
can style then you can color them like
whatever what I really want today you
can do with extensions because this is a
human hair extensions they suggest you
to die to shade darker than extensions
talking about the hair the hair quality
is great like it's very soft how
tangle-free it is and very happy with
the customer service they used to reply
very fast and my package came also very
soon you know what doesn't take that day
long I have owed them for like 20 times
around 20 times and they like they are
awesome I didn't even wash them but
still you can see how shiny it is my
height is 58 so you know it varies on
your hike like I let you down here so
there's
I have opted for this 34 inches but it's
on you what cool NP weren't so I'm going
to show you how I clip them in and how
it looks on me the length everything so
let's get started
so I have put all my clubs and like full
set of extension and I hope you can see
the difference this is the lint you
cannot see like flips on your hair
so this is how it looks so this is it
guys this is my like take on ill
accessable me hair extension i really
suggest you to try them out the customer
service is very great they are very fast
and the hair the huge quality is awesome
I didn't feel my own where's my own head
and like this is the extension because
this is anyway this is human hair so
this is it guys I hope this video is
helpful for you I'm going to put all the
details in the description poke you can
go in checked in and just give it a try
till then take my
you